okay I'm up I'm on my first ride on
dummy I don't have anything to hold on
to right now driver the driver well get
a ride on the back I see why she likes
this is a really nice Shira marked on
the way over that much easier than the
tandem ya think
wait wait one little egg you can do it
here she is loading up the first well
maybe not first big load second big load
groceries this time though she sent her
girlfriend in the shop probably could
but you know said she didn't think that
through but anyways we'll make it home
and its end of August and it's raining
as you can tell she's wearing all of her
rain gear it's sunny but raining right
now
and there is a rainbow in the sky over
there which is very pretty so she'll be
carrying this big load home there's a
watermelon in there so
you want to say hi
my idea to get a cargo bike yep
it's pretty though I guess I can't
complain